# What's New in Liferay DXP 7.4

## Optimizing Digital Experiences with Data-Driven Insight

### Set Any Element as a Click Target in A/B Testing

You can now [run AB tests on any element on the page](https://learn.liferay.com/dxp/latest/en/site-building/optimizing-sites/ab-testing/creating-ab-tests.html)

. Before Liferay DXP 7.4, you could only select buttons and links as a
Click Goal. With Liferay DXP 7.4, you can now select any page element by
including its element ID.

<img src="images/image4.png" style="width: 238.36px; height: 715.09px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

More Insightful Content Audit Tool

In the

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://learn.liferay.com/dxp/latest/en/content-authoring-and-management/content-dashboard/content-dashboard-interface.html&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739192000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0fkcROvuBJ-Emuv9udn5pI" class="c6">Content Audit Tool</a>

 in the Content Dashboard, you can now click on the bars to zoom in on
the results; and content assigned to only one vocabulary category is now
represented in the graph. Marketers can now easily spot miscategorized
content using this new set of enhancements.

<img src="images/image3.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 262.67px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

Content Audit Tool UX Improvements

We've also made several usability improvements to the

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://learn.liferay.com/dxp/latest/en/content-authoring-and-management/content-dashboard/content-dashboard-interface.html&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739193000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0YfhW3VzqPMZuHom7SvXnR" class="c6">Content Audit Tool</a>

 in the Content Dashboard. For example, now it is much easier to select
the vocabularies to be audited, and it is possible to flip the bar chart
axes with a click.

<img src="images/image10.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 285.33px; margin-left: -5.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

Traffic Acquisition Channels in the Content Performance Tool

The traffic acquisition channels in the

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://learn.liferay.com/dxp/latest/en/content-authoring-and-management/content-performance-panel/analyze-content-metrics-using-content-performance-panel.html&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739194000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0x67MSSDe52kIbs_MeZ0Ix" class="c6">Content Performance Tool</a>

 use Analytics Cloud data and include measurements for organic and paid
search, social traffic, and referrals. A channel\'s detail view reveals
all referring URLs and domains.

<img src="images/image9.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 805.33px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

Content Performance Analytics for All Types of Pages

The Content Performance Panel is now available for all pages: display
pages templates of all assets, content, and widget pages. Before Liferay
DXP 7.4, the Content Performance Too was only available for web content
rendered through a display page template.

<img src="images/image6.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 324.00px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://liferay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PDMG/pages/1842742051/Liferay%2BDXP%2B7.4%2BGA1%2BRelease%2BHighlights%23Empowering-Practitioners-to-Build-Rich-Digital-Experiences&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739196000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1oIhXcrrfG9SPWWykYo3qz" class="c6">Empowering Practitioners to Build Rich Digital Experiences</a>

Page Audit

Starting with Liferay DXP 7.4, you can use the Page Audit tool for
auditing your pages\' SEO and accessibility. The Page Audit tool uses
the

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739197000&amp;usg=AOvVaw3AdO9fe1auDmYmdhCYCPsW" class="c6">Google PageSpeed Insights</a>

 service, providing specific recommendations for Liferay DXP. With the
new Page audit tool, you can check your page\'s compliance with the best
performance, accessibility, search engine metadata, and SEO practices.

<img src="images/image2.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 421.33px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

More Flexibility to Replicate and Draft Experiences

You can now draft and duplicate

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://learn.liferay.com/dxp/latest/en/site-building/personalizing-site-experience/experience-personalization/content-page-personalization.html&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739198000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1GmpgDHjbY73nocpXhl-zK" class="c6">Liferay DXP Experiences</a>

,  and replace the default experience with another. These enhancements
provide much more flexibility when creating and managing Experiences.

<img src="images/image7.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 429.33px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

Documents Now Visible in the Content Dashboard

Documents are now available in the

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://learn.liferay.com/dxp/latest/en/content-authoring-and-management/content-dashboard/about-the-content-dashboard.html&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739199000&amp;usg=AOvVaw29zf6WwQz7d0SCLz9soDDx" class="c6">Content Dashboard</a>

, with new filters based on asset type or MIME type. You can access
these filters in the

Filter and Order

 dropdown menu in the Content Dashboard.

<img src="images/image1.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 412.00px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

New Types of Filters in the Content
Dashboard^<a href="#cmnt1" id="cmnt_ref1">[a]</a>^

Account Management Widget

 - Account Users will be able to view and/or administer their company's
details, Addresses, assigned Users, associated Organizations, Groups,
and Roles without needing to leave their website, as well as minimizing
the need for assistance from a Portal administrator to administer
Accounts on their behalf.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://liferay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PDMG/pages/1842742051/Liferay%2BDXP%2B7.4%2BGA1%2BRelease%2BHighlights%23Create-a-Seamless-B2B-Buying-Experience&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739201000&amp;usg=AOvVaw3Qo6dZ1Z8etuFUC57LmIzu" class="c6">Create a Seamless B2B Buying Experience</a>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://liferay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PDMG/pages/1842742051/Liferay%2BDXP%2B7.4%2BGA1%2BRelease%2BHighlights%23Enabling-Business-Users-to-Compose-Digital-Experiences-Using-Low-Code-/-No-Code-Capabilities&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739202000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2y8D690LA9yFM2bNOCX43d" class="c6">Enabling Business Users to Compose Digital Experiences Using Low-Code / No-Code Capabilities</a>

Pagination Support in the Collection Display Fragment

You can now paginate the collection items in Collection Display
Fragments.

 This new functionality is specially useful for Collections containing a
large number of items. Large Collections become more readable, improving
the usability and overall experience.

<img src="images/image11.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 264.00px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

Search and Filtering Fragments to Collection Displays

Liferay DXP 7.4 includes two new fragments: Collection Filter and
Applied Filter.

 Using these filters with Collection Display Fragments in your page, you
can filter Collections based on different criteria and display what
filters have been applied to your Collection.

<img src="images/image5.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 497.33px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

Display Items Related to One Specific Item with Related Item Collections

When working with the Collection Display Fragment, you have now the
ability to choose and display items from related Collections using the
new

Related Items Collection Providers

 tab.

<img src="images/image14.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 524.00px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

Define Pre-Filtering Options for the Collection Providers

Developers can now customize Collection Providers with specific
configuration fields. This way, users can pre-filter a Collection
Provider and have now more flexibility to choose items in the Collection
Display Fragment. Users can access the filter from the Actions Menu in
the Collection Display Fragment.

<img src="images/image12.png" style="width: 290.55px; height: 195.37px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

Create Templates for All Type of Information
Items^<a href="#cmnt2" id="cmnt_ref2">[b]</a>^

Specify Sub-Type Fields for Collection Providers as Mapping Elements

When building a Collection Provider with the Info Framework, developers
can now include a sub-type field. This allows end-users to map fields on
the Page to sub-types when using the Collection Provider in a Collection
Display Fragment.

 

Show/Hide Fragments Based on Viewport

With this feature, you are able to hide a Fragment on one Viewport,
while keeping it visible on another. This new capability allows you to
further customize your content\'s responsiveness for a specific user
platform.

<img src="images/image8.png" style="width: 624.00px; height: 470.67px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

Native support for Adaptive Media in Content Pages and Display Page
Templates

You can now use

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://learn.liferay.com/dxp/latest/en/site-building/creating-pages/building-and-managing-content-pages/configuring-elements-on-content-pages.html%23editing-images&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739208000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1tANaD8Z2SazyK8G6uR12U" class="c6">Adaptive Media in Content Page images</a>

 to adjust the image resolution dynamically, based on the target screen
size. After you

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://learn.liferay.com/dxp/latest/en/content-authoring-and-management/documents-and-media/publishing-and-sharing/serving-device-and-screen-optimized-media/adding-image-resolutions.html&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739208000&amp;usg=AOvVaw13tU4I6Yf-EwwbsICG66Q2" class="c6">add an image resolution in Adaptive Media</a>

, the resolution is available in the Resolution drop-down menu for your
Content Page image.

<img src="images/image13.gif" style="width: 624.00px; height: 530.67px; margin-left: 0.00px; margin-top: 0.00px; transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px); -webkit-transform: rotate(0.00rad) translateZ(0px);" />

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://liferay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PDMG/pages/1842742051/Liferay%2BDXP%2B7.4%2BGA1%2BRelease%2BHighlights%23Reducing-the-Cost-and-Effort-to-Launch-and-Maintain-Digital-Experiences&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739210000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1QMD8FiDGkvOapjBsZaa7D" class="c6">Reducing the Cost and Effort to Launch and Maintain Digital Experiences</a>

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://liferay.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PDMG/pages/1842742051/Liferay%2BDXP%2B7.4%2BGA1%2BRelease%2BHighlights%23Leverage-Liferay-as-the-Foundation-in-Your-Interconnected-Enterprise-Landscape&amp;sa=D&amp;source=editors&amp;ust=1635459739211000&amp;usg=AOvVaw33CCKJauLdHH7Vh4EOsCYn" class="c6">Leverage Liferay as the Foundation in Your Interconnected Enterprise Landscape</a>

DXP Accounts

 - DXP Accounts allows the modeling of the respective entities
(companies, employees, and the responsibilities pertaining to their
job), facilitates the interactions between these entities (such as
purchasing of goods and services), and gives customers the ability to
document relevant information to support these interactions (Tax ID,
Billing and Shipping addresses, personnel structures).

Expose Structured Content Versions in APIs

In addition to the latest approved version of a Web Content, you can now
leverage the Structured Content API to retrieve the list of versions.
The endpoint for creating Web Content drafts was also added.

<a href="#cmnt_ref1" id="cmnt1">[a]</a>

This is exactly the same feature/functionality as the previous one.

<a href="#cmnt_ref2" id="cmnt2">[b]</a>

There is no documentation for this particular item. I asked the Echo
team to be sure there is nothing to do here and I\'m waiting for
their response (see https://issues.liferay.com/browse/LPS-126008.)
